---
layout:     post
title:      实体关系抽取
author:     CHENEY WANG
tags: 		NLP Deeplearning
header-img:  "img/manhanton.jpg"
subtitle:  	文本中实体关系的抽取
category:  project
---
<!-- Start Writing Below in Markdown -->

2. Abstract
3. Background
4. Design
5. Implementation
6. Results and Evaluation
7. Future Work
8. Conclusions
9. Reflection on Learning
# Building Knowledge base of recruitment post semantics
## Abstract
Online employment-oriented service has access to large amounts of text data, and current recommender systems always tend to collect users' operations on the website and focus on these features to satisfy the user's current need. In order to improve the accuracy of recommendations. Constructing a knowledge base through text mining from its text data plays an important role in employment-oriented service to attract users. In this report, we present a case study that builds up a knowledge base that consists of the job's name and associated workplaces, job's name and associated company name, and so on. The system first extracts entity relations from post title and user query which can help us to establish a simple knowledge base and determine what kinds of relations are useful. Then word2vec and piecewise convolutional neural network were applied to extract relation from post content. Finally, our knowledge base established not only for the recommendation system but also can be used in autonomous question answering system of our service.

## Overview of our approach
At a high level, the main purpose of our design is to improve the accuracy of recommendations. And in this report, we only discuss how to extract relations from three data sources and establish a domain knowledge base.
Knowledge Base Construction Instruction:
1. Collect information or data about recruitment.
2. Define the set of features to process
3. Do tokenization and label data
4. Construct a simple knowledge through two simple data source
5. Train a classifier / extractor to use the labeled training data to not extract relations from unseen data
6. Computing the coverage of these relations.

## Data Collection
To collect data, we constructed a web crawler to visit websites of the largest online blue-collar recruitment market in China. And we have three data sources.
Post Title:
User Queries:
Post Content:

## Name Spce of our label



